An Tong, why don't you reply to my message?
It's my business whether I reply to the message or not.
Who are you to me?
I'm your husband
Humph
I don't think so anymore.
Think about who you choose to come to me again
Don't bother me
I'm not as idle as your guy
I'm still busy with promotions
No time to text you.
Work work
Every day is work
What else is on your mind besides work?
Yes, my mind is full of work.
I'm exhausted
I'm not like you still going out and messing around
Get out of here right now
Antou
Sister Tong, are you alright?
Xu Zeyu, pay attention
This is the company
Not your home
She's my wife.
Wife, the whole company knows that you have an affair
You still have the face to call your wife
This is my family
What does it have to do with you?
Sister Tong's business is my business
Tao, no wonder you don't reply to my message.
It turned out that I found a new love
Xu Zeyu, don't talk nonsense
Do you think the whole world is as dirty as you?
Brother Xiaoyu
What are you doing in the company?
I'm here to work.